CLI: make snapshot name requiered in creating volume snapshots (#17958)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/17958.txt

```release-note:bug

> cli: make snapshot name requiered in creating volume snapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cli: Snapshot name is required in `volume snapshot create` command
```
